hey what's up guys Kurt's a tech here
with another sneak review in front of me
I have a Nike Sportswear box we have the
Nike Air Max lunar one fistrick
colorways black chilling red natural
grey suggested retail is 130 dollars
pick these up from Jimmy Jazz last week
and they've been dropping at various
retailers so definitely keep your eye
out we have the classic Air Max 100g
colorway and the all new lunar midsole
really liking how they did this model I
was a big fan of the Air Max 90s but I'm
liking this midsole how they made one
indent right there it looks really clean
nice thick midsole you got the red air
max unit in there still kept those lines
on the midsole up towards the front got
this nice vibrant red that wraps all the
way around and then that grey on the
upper all fuse together red swoosh got
that white toe box white flat laces and
then Nike branding Nike Air Max branding
in red on the tongue Lunarlon hit on the
midsole right there just a clean looking
shoe really nice for the summer red in
Seoul says nike air and then outer sole
they kept the same design as the air max
90s towards the front right here
switched it up a little bit with the
colors but you got a mixture of white
black and red on the outer sole says air
right there
Nike hit nike air on the back it's a
clean looking sneaker can't go wrong
with the silhouette I'm a fan of them
putting Lunarlon in you know it's it's
not going to be like the og true og but
still I like seeing the newer technology
in these classic silhouettes just can't
go wrong with Air Max one I'm actually
liking these more than the Air Max 90
I'm a huge air max 90 fan but the way
they did this midsole it's looking
really clean in my opinion
so here's both the shoes let me know
your guys thoughts on them putting
Lunarlon on the air max one let me know
if you were a fan of the air max 90 let
me know if this is a colorway you guys
are going to pick up or if they drop any
other colorways can't go wrong with this
oh gee gray white and red though looks
super clean pair of jeans pair of shorts
keep your eye out though they've been
dropping these various retailers they
did drop on Nike I think they sold out a
that same day but you know how Nike is
I'll probably restock just like they did
with those 90s if you liked this video
make sure to thumbs up favorite
subscribe stay tuned to my channel for
more videos can check out my instagram
at Kurt's or Kix for all my sneaker pick
up sneaker shots and also follow me on
Twitter at Kurt's or kicks
I can appreciate everybody watching
liking my videos commenting I hope you
guys have a great week till next time
cut your tech with the Air Max lunar one
piece
girls
I know tracer got caught